Establish ESTIMATE analysis directory (#156)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures: analysis/estimate/scripts/README.md

This directory contains scripts used in the analysis to predict bulk expression from matched pseudobulk expression.

* `sync-data-files.R`: This script syncs data files for analysis.

>   * It identifies solid tumor samples of interest libraries of interest and obtains their bulk `quant.sf` files and single-cell `_processed.rds` files from S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * It identifies solid tumor libraries of interest and obtains their bulk `quant.sf` files and single-cell `_processed.rds` files from S3.
```
I think this is what you mean?

Author: eh this one is tomato tomAto in terms of sample/library but indeed, only one of those words!

  Files are saved in `../data/scpca/<project id>/<sample id>/`.
  * It also exports two TSVs to `../data`:

>     * Map for bulk library and sample ids

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   * It also exports two TSVs to `../data`:
>     * Map for bulk library and sample ids
>     * Map for ensembl ids and gene symbols

Author: ```suggestion
  * It also exports a TSV to `../data` that maps ensembl ids to gene symbols
```
